add deprecation note. (#1559)
liip/LiipImagineBundle: Resources/doc/cache-resolver/amazons3.rst

The ``AmazonS3Resolver`` resolver enables cache resolution using the
``\AmazonS3`` storage API.

> This will be deprecated in Version 3, use aws-s3 resolver instead.

Reviewer: we deprecate it now and remove it in version 3, lets say:

```suggestion
**Deprecated**, use the aws-s3 resolver instead. The legacy AmazonS3Resolver will be removed in version 3.
```
